README.md, before:

<div align="center">

![imagen](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/45402163/168968927-27e58363-18df-4cf9-861a-40bb9dde3ef0.png)

</div>

<h1 align="center">Pro3</h1>

<div align="center">

<!--gif-->???

</div>

> Try, Fail, Fix, Hit (TFFH), as in real life.

<hr />

### 🧐About

Pro3 has been created with the purpose of memorizing the main Spanish vocabulary and phrases in the most effective way, keeping the focus on memorizing without the possibility of losing concentration.

There are other options on the market, but the main task of Pro3 is to keep you fully focused on correctly typing the answer the first consecutive times or else you will constantly fail, unlike other applications where you just need to choose one option from the proposals, where cheating is encouraged

### 📚Prerequisite

-   Python 3

### 🚀How to Run Pro3

Step by step methods to guide the reader how to setup local dev environment for eg:

1. Download this repo
2. Open file in your terminal
3. Execute: ````python pro3-1.py````

### 🧰 Commands
-   ``-showall`` Get all sentences/answers
-   ``-showremain`` Get all remaining sentences/answers
-   ``-showstudy`` Get all inProgress sentences/answers
-   ``-showlearn`` Get all learned sentences/answers
-   ``-reset`` All advances are removed
-   ``-exit`` Leave Pro3
-   ``-help`` Get all commands 


		
# 💡How pro-3 works

## STEP A: Import, export and transforming csv and decks data formats
### 1. Read startingCSV
### 2. Extract data from starting.csv and insert in auxiliarDeck
### 3. Transform format in auxiliarDeck and insert in park.csv
### 4. Extract first capsule from park.csv and insert in race.csv
- To have a first to start from
- Capsule is a section data composed by two lines
- First line contains fuel, tank and auxiliar value. Fuel value indicate your corresponding capsule level. Tank value indicate your capacity to achieve more level in corresponding capsule. Auxiliar value is reserved for future utilities (deep value, indicates if the capsule is out of your level)
- Second line contains sentence and answer data
- Capsule example:
	````
	2,4,0
	run, correr
	````
## STEP B: Initiate while loop
### 5. Ask capsule
- Request previous failure data (You have to answer the first one correctly)
### 6. Ask sentence
- Print sentence in console
### 7. Ask answer
- Request answer (Get answer in a variable named answerRequest)
### 8. Exam answer
- Compare answerRequest value with actual capsule sentence value
- If they match, return "Correct", if not, return "Incorrect"
### 9. Examination action
- If its incorrect and if it has no previously failed, decrease fuel value and ask answer again (start loop again from there) 
- If its incorrect and if it has previously failed, ask answer again without decrease fuel value (Fuel value decrese once per exam)
	
### 10. But, if its correct: Go to successfulAnswerAction
- If it has previously failed, increase fuel value
- If it has previously failed, continue without increase fuel value (You have to answer the first one correctly)
### 11. Exam capsule movement
- Capsules are arranged according to fuel
- If the fuel is increased, the order changes
### 12. Order capsules
### 13. Adjust fuel
- Decrease in 1 all capsule fuel values
### 14. Exam capsule movement
- If after this the fuel value of any capsule is +12, the capsule go to win.csv
- This means that you have answered capsule correctly considerable times
- Means you have reached the maximum level in that capsule
### 15. Update all changes by exporting from deck to csv files
### 16. The loop start again

Commit message:

Add ToDo and Usage sections

README.md, after:

<div align="center">

![imagen](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/45402163/168968927-27e58363-18df-4cf9-861a-40bb9dde3ef0.png)

</div>

<h1 align="center">Pro3</h1>

<div align="center">

<!--gif-->???

</div>

> Try, Fail, Fix, Hit (TFFH), as in real life.

<hr />

### 🧐About

Pro3 has been created with the purpose of memorizing the main Spanish vocabulary and phrases in the most effective way, keeping the focus on memorizing without the possibility of losing concentration.

There are other options on the market, but the main task of Pro3 is to keep you fully focused on correctly typing the answer the first consecutive times or else you will constantly fail, unlike other applications where you just need to choose one option from the proposals, where cheating is encouraged

### 📚Prerequisite

-   Python 3

### 🚀How to Run Pro3

Step by step methods to guide the reader how to setup local dev environment for eg:

1. Download this repo
2. Open file in your terminal
3. Execute: ````python pro3-1.py````

### 🧰 Commands
-   ``-showall`` Get all sentences/answers
-   ``-showremain`` Get all remaining sentences/answers
-   ``-showstudy`` Get all inProgress sentences/answers
-   ``-showlearn`` Get all learned sentences/answers
-   ``-reset`` All advances are removed
-   ``-exit`` Leave Pro3
-   ``-help`` Get all commands 

### 📝Todo

Functions for managing and searching for words and phrases will be added soon. The speed and ease of use will also be improved by adding a shortcut, as well as shortkeys

-   Add Direct Access
-   Add search functionality

### 🎈Usage

-   Read the sentence. Write translation. Pulse enter
-   To get the most out of it, write the translation as fast as possible. It is better to miss 9 times but hit 3 than to hit 6 taking twice as long. Depending on your performance it will become easier or more difficult, so don't force yourself, let your mind and your keyboard do everything for you.
-   Progress is saved automatically so don't worry about anything else to learn
		
# 💡How pro-3 works

## STEP A: Import, export and transforming csv and decks data formats
### 1. Read startingCSV
### 2. Extract data from starting.csv and insert in auxiliarDeck
### 3. Transform format in auxiliarDeck and insert in park.csv
### 4. Extract first capsule from park.csv and insert in race.csv
- To have a first to start from
- Capsule is a section data composed by two lines
- First line contains fuel, tank and auxiliar value. Fuel value indicate your corresponding capsule level. Tank value indicate your capacity to achieve more level in corresponding capsule. Auxiliar value is reserved for future utilities (deep value, indicates if the capsule is out of your level)
- Second line contains sentence and answer data
- Capsule example:
	````
	2,4,0
	run, correr
	````
## STEP B: Initiate while loop
### 5. Ask capsule
- Request previous failure data (You have to answer the first one correctly)
### 6. Ask sentence
- Print sentence in console
### 7. Ask answer
- Request answer (Get answer in a variable named answerRequest)
### 8. Exam answer
- Compare answerRequest value with actual capsule sentence value
- If they match, return "Correct", if not, return "Incorrect"
### 9. Examination action
- If its incorrect and if it has no previously failed, decrease fuel value and ask answer again (start loop again from there) 
- If its incorrect and if it has previously failed, ask answer again without decrease fuel value (Fuel value decrese once per exam)
	
### 10. But, if its correct: Go to successfulAnswerAction
- If it has previously failed, increase fuel value
- If it has previously failed, continue without increase fuel value (You have to answer the first one correctly)
### 11. Exam capsule movement
- Capsules are arranged according to fuel
- If the fuel is increased, the order changes
### 12. Order capsules
### 13. Adjust fuel
- Decrease in 1 all capsule fuel values
### 14. Exam capsule movement
- If after this the fuel value of any capsule is +12, the capsule go to win.csv
- This means that you have answered capsule correctly considerable times
- Means you have reached the maximum level in that capsule
### 15. Update all changes by exporting from deck to csv files
### 16. The loop start again
